*Project Proposal*

I'll need to discuss ideas with my partner(s) before deciding for sure what to work on for this project, but one idea I have is to create a sort of interactive library of YouTube playlists. I listen to tons of music on YouTube, and currently the way I keep track of all of the links to my playlists is in Chrome bookmarks sorted into bookmark folders by category. Sometimes, though, I'll have a playlist that could fit into multiple categories, in which case I'll have to just pick one of the folders to put it in, and then later when I want to find that playlist again, I might not remember which category I put it in, and as a result it might take me a while to find it. That in mind, one of the key features of the app would be that a playlist could be included in multiple categories. There would also be a way to view a nicely-formatted list of all playlists (including clickable links), as well as the ability to view a list of the playlists in each category. Other functionality would of course include the ability to add new playlists to the library, as well as the ability to edit or remove existing playlists. If possible/feasible within the time constraints of the project, it would be nifty to be able to share a playlist library with other people, and/or be able to share/send someone all of the playlists of a certain category, etc. This kind of sharing functionality would add the complexity of requiring user authentication and managing user permissions. If we had enough time and were feeling somewhat fancy, adding search functionality would also be pretty spiffy.

(*Note for Prof. VanderLinden:* Rather than posting them here, I've emailed you the names of classmates that I would/wouldn't like to work with)
